COPYRIGHT

Image Gallery Version 1.00
Copyright 2002 London Perl Mongers, All rights reserved

LICENSE

This script is free software; you are free to redistibute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

URL

The most up to date version of this script is available from the nms
script archive at  <http://nms-cgi.sourceforge.net/>.

SUMMARY

Image Gallery is a program that allows you to display a small series of
images as a series of individual pages with navigation links between them.

FILES

In this distribution, you will find three files:

gallery.pl    - The main perl script.
README        - This file. Instructions on how to install and use ffa.
gallery.css   - An example cascading stylesheet (CSS) file
MANIFEST      - List of files

CONFIGURATION

In order for this program to work properly on your webserver it will require
a small amount of configuration before you upload it.

All of the configuration is done by editing the program file directly, you
can do this in your favourite text editor or notepad if you are on Windows.
You probably don't want to use a wordprocessor to do this unless you are
certain you can save the file as plain text.

Firstly you will need to change the first line of the program:

   #!/usr/bin/perl -wT

so that it points at the proper location of perl on your webserver - your
system administrator or webhosting provider should be able to tell you this.
You only need to change the '/usr/bin/perl' part - all of the rest of the
line must be left exactly as it is.

There are a number of variables that you can change in gallery.pl which
alter the way that the program works.

INSTALLATION

gallery.pl is installed simply by copying the file gallery.pl into your
cgi-bin directory. If you don't know where your cgi-bin directory is, then
please ask your system administrator

You may need to rename gallery.pl to gallery.cgi. Again, your system
administrator will know if this is the case.

You will probably need to turn on execute permissions to the file. You can
do this by running the command "chmod +x gallery.pl" from your command
line. If you don't have command line access to your web server then there
will probably be an equivalent function in your file transfer program.


SUPPORT

For support of this script please email:

  <nms-cgi-support@lists.sourceforge.net>

This mailling list is read by the NMS developers and other helpful people
who will try to help you solve your problem.
